Introduction | DYDX Token Migration
DYDX Token Migration
 
Home →
 
Forums →
 
Discord →
 
dYdX v3 Docs →
 
How to Bridge Guide →
 
How to Stake Guide →
Ask or Search
Ctrl
 + K
START HERE
Introduction
dYdX Chain Architecture
Legal Disclaimers
Migration of DYDX from Ethereum to dYdX Chain
Migration & Bridge Overview
dYdX v3 Governance Architecture
wethDYDX Smart Contract
GovernanceStrategyV2 Smart Contract
TreasuryBridge Smart Contract
v4 Community Pool
Open-Source Bridge User Interface
Token Comparison
How to Bridge Guide
DYDX (dYdX Chain)
Introduction
x/bridge module
Bridge Daemon
dYdX Chain Modules and Parameters
Staking 
How to Stake Guide
How to Redelegate Guide
How to Unstake Guide
Distribution
How to Claim Staking Rewards
Governance
How to Vote Guide
Proposal Lifecycle
Proposal Submission Technical Guide
Governance Adjustable Parameters
Trading Stats and Fees
Trading Core
Markets
Perpetual
Clob
Adding & Updating a Live Market
Safety
Market Tiers
Slashing
Fee Schedule
Trading Rewards and Rewards Module
Community Treasury
Relevant Links for the dYdX Chain Open Source Software
Powered by GitBook
Introduction
Overview of the dYdX Chain and the DYDX token.
On October 26 at 17:00 UTC, 2023, the 
dYdX Chain open source software
 was deployed and the  first block of the dYdX Chain was created by the dYdX Chain validators.
The dYdX Chain is a proof-of-stake blockchain network built using the Cosmos SDK and leveraging CometBFT for consensus. 
The dYdX community, through dYdX governance, voted (
Snapshot
 and 
on-chain
) in favor of adopting DYDX as the Layer 1 token of the dYdX Chain for staking to validators in order to secure the chain and for stakers of the L1 token to govern the network.
The utility of the dYdX Chain’s L1 token, DYDX, is apparent in three areas: Staking, Security and Governance.
Staking: DYDX holders have the option to serve as validators (and self-delegate) or to delegate their stake to existing validators. Such delegation increases the likelihood of the chosen validators entering or staying in the active validator set, thereby becoming a participant in the network’s consensus process.
Security: Staking DYDX directly contributes to dYdX Chain security. As more DYDX holders choose to stake their tokens across a diverse range of validators in the network and the total amount of stake on the network increases, it becomes increasingly difficult for a coordinated attack to influence a consensus decision.
Governance: DYDX empowers DYDX holders to propose and vote on proposals, directly influencing the evolution of the dYdX Chain through a democratic process. The subject matter of proposals can vary from changing a governable parameter on the dYdX Chain, spending dYdX community funds, and updating the software that dYdX Chain nodes are running, among other things.
*** Last Updated as of October, 2023.
Next
dYdX Chain Architecture
Last updated 
5 months ago
On this page
Was this helpful?