Introduction | Docs
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Learn
Introduction
Tech Overview
Network Overview
SSV Token
Governance
Protocol Overview
Tokenomics
Fees
Payments
Liquidations
SSV Specs
P2P Specs
Operators
Operator Onboarding
Update Fee
Offboarding
Verified Operators
Permissioned Operators
Stakers
Validators
Validator Onboarding
Update Operators
Validator Offboarding
Validator Rewards
Clusters
Cluster Balance
Reactivation
Performance
Statuses
Glossary
Developers
Get Started
Tools
SSV Keys SDK
SSV Scanner SDK
SSV DKG Client
Generate Key Shares
SSV API
SSV Subgraph
Smart Contracts
SSVNetwork
SSVNetworkViews
Troubleshooting
Testnet
Integration Guides
Staking Pools
Initialization Stage
Operation Stage
Maintenance Stage
Staking Services
Native Restaking
Security
Validator user guides
Validator management
Creating a new validator
Distributing a validator
Run a Distributed Key Generation ceremony
Setting fee recipient address
Cluster management
Adding validator to existing cluster
Depositing SSV
Withdrawing SSV
Re-activating a cluster
Exiting a validator
Removing a validator
Tools
SSV-Keys CLI
SSV Scanner CLI
Operator user guides
Running a Node
Node setup
Configuring MEV
Maintenance
Monitoring
Troubleshooting
Enabling DKG
Node Configuration Reference
Node migration
DKG operator migration
Operator Management
Registering an Operator
Updating Operator fees
Withdrawing earnings
Configuring a permissioned Operator
Setting Operator metadata
Removing an Operator
Liquidator Bot
Installation
Powered by GitBook
Introduction
What is ssv.network
ssv.network is a fully decentralized, open-source ETH staking network, based on Secret Shared Validator (SSV) technology.
SSV is also known as DVT, or Distributed Validator Technology, as it provides an open and simple infrastructure for splitting and distributing a validator key into multiple KeyShares, for the purpose of running an Ethereum validator across multiple non-trusting nodes.
Running an Ethereum validator on ssv.network achieves active-active redundancy, introduces new levels of validator key security, and benefits the Ethereum network, staking pools, staking services and solo stakers.
Benefits of ssv.network
Active-Active Redundancy & Fault Tolerance
In order for a validator to earn ETH rewards by signing data transactions, it must remain online and available. In the current Ethereum staking ecosystem, due to strict protocol rules, a validator must run on one node only and this presents a single point of failure. By splitting the validator key into multiple KeyShares and distributing those KeyShares to multiple nodes, if one node goes offline for routine maintenance or because of a problem, fault tolerance is achieved and the other nodes holding the rest of the KeyShares will respond to keep the validator operating. This results in a slashing-free, decentralized staking environment.
Non-Custodial & Secure ETH Staking
SSV allows the validator key to be generated, split into multiple KeyShares for distribution to non-trusting nodes, and then securely stored offline. Once the KeyShares are distributed to their respective nodes, they will operate the validator and sign data on behalf of the offline validator key. This offers a highly secure staking solution for users as they never have to hand over their validator key to any operators.
Decentralization & Diversity
Independent operators, located all over the world, provide the infrastructure for ssv.network and are responsible for maintaining its overall health. Each operator is free to choose the validator client(s) software they will run and their hardware infrastructure, while stakers are free to choose the independent operators that will run their validator(s). This increases the overall health of the Ethereum blockchain and further eliminates single points of failure and risk for stakers by allowing validators to run on multiple clients.
Next
Tech Overview
Last updated 
1 month ago
On this page
What is ssv.network
Benefits of ssv.network
Was this helpful?
Edit on GitHub
 