Render Network Knowledge Base | Render Network Knowledge Base
Render Network Knowledge Base
 
RenderNetwork.com
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Render Network Knowledge Base
General Render Network
Important Safety Information
Render Network Official Links and Channels
RNDR to RENDER: What you need to know
Setting up a Solana Wallet
Setting up a Solana Compatible Ledger Wallet
Using the Solana Upgrade Assistance Tool
Render Network Upgrade Portal FAQ
Burn Mint Equilibrium
About Render Network Governance
Understanding Render Network Governance
How to Use Nation and Snapshot to Vote in RNPs
The Render Network Foundation
RNPs and the DAO system
What is a "DAO"?
Render Network Proposal (RNP) System
Getting Started
Creators and Node Operators: Where do you fit?
Render Network Artist Tutorials
Getting Started with Brilly
Going behind the process with Zomax
Understanding Caustic Rendering with Silverwing
The Render Network on Mac with Pro Tharan
Everything you need to know about using the New ORBX Exporter
Cinema 4D on the Render Network with Brilly
Cinema 4D on Render Network (Beta) Guide
Preparing your Cinema 4D file for the Render Network
Caching Simulations for the Render Network (Advanced)
How to work with nested scenes (XRefs) in C4D for the Render Network (Advanced)
Cinema 4D on the Render Network with Brilly
How to get started as a Creator
Preparing a scene
Working with Particles, Attributes and Dynamics
Upload ORBX Scene for Rendering
Create Job Parameters for Rendering
Linear EXR workflows and recommended DWA compression
Select RNDR Tier
Estimate Job Costs Prior to Rendering
Adding Funds to Your Account
Review and Approve Frames
Requesting a New Node
Downloading and Sharing Completed Frames
How to get started as a Node Operator
Connecting your Node to the Render Network
Running Multiple Programs or Tasks
Running at Full Wattage
Understanding Crypto Wallets
Setting up your Wallet
Purchase RNDR Tokens
Advanced Topics
Render Network Basics
What is a RNDR Token?
What is a RNDR Credit?
Generating an Invoice for RNDR Credits
How much does RNDR cost?
How do token contracts work?
Migrating Genesis Tokens
RNDR Metrics Summary
Powered by GitBook
Render Network Knowledge Base
Everything you need to know about the Render Network
Welcome to Render Network
What is the Render Network?
The 
Render Network
 is a high-performance distributed GPU rendering network that leverages industry-leading 
OTOY Inc.
 software to facilitate a compute marketplace between GPU Providers and GPU Requestors. 
First conceived in 2009 by OTOY, inc. Founder and CEO 
Jules Urbach
, 
Render Network
 held its first public token sale in October 2017, entering into a private sale period from January - May 2018. During the private sale, early adopters were onboarded onto the "RNDR Beta Testnet", where Beta Node Operators and Beta Creators worked together with the Render Network team to build out and test the network. Render Network launched publicly on April 27th 2020. November 2nd, 2023, RENDER was launched 
Backed by parent company OTOY, Inc., the Render Network Team is based out of Los Angeles, CA, with team members located all over the globe. With a 
world class advisory board
 boasting industry leaders such as 
Ari Emmanuel
 (Co-Founder and Co-CEO, WME), 
JJ Abrams
 (Chairman and CEO, Bad Robot Productions), 
Mike Winkelmann
 (Beeple) and 
Brendan Eich
 (Founder and CEO, Brave Software and BAT), Render Network aims to bridge the gap between the graphics present and the virtual future. 
How does the Render Network Work?
The Render Network gives GPU owners an opportunity to monetize otherwise idle GPUs by offering their compute power to creators in search of rendering resources. In short, Render Network allows GPU owners to loan out their GPU power to creators in need of additional power. 
Rendering the Metaverse
Inspired by the book 
Life After Television
 (written in 1990 by OTOY Advisor Board member George Gilder), Jules Urbach laid out his vision for the future in 
Life After Automation: The Rendering Economy
:
“A first principle in the “Render Economy” is that the resonance of authentic human thought, creativity and imagination are the fundamental units of currency"
"Our complete personal experience is a uniquely human metric by which we constantly measure qualia, social resonance and novel truths. No machine can ever do this more authentically and meaningfully than we do. In a decentralized, dematerialized and fully automated world, the flow and final evaluation of human value must never stop being a human responsibility.”
“The Render Token and the network that it encompasses are built to enable such a system’s viability as early as possible. First, through massive cost savings in distributed rendering that bootstrap the render economy in its early stages. Then, in subsequent phases to come, through a semantic web of value and authorship encoded in the blockchain itself.”
Echoing that same vision for the future, Ari Emanuel (Co-CEO of Endeavor and OTOY and Render Network Advisor Board member) penned in his piece 
This is Life After Television
 how Render Network plans to help make this future dream a reality:
“Since then, Jules and I have been building a system for the future. It will all be built on RNDR. We have lined up and signed deals with all of the major media companies from Disney and HBO to Facebook and Unity. LightStages will be built at our WME offices for blockchain based scans of all our clients and athletes. I am driving media to go through the Render Token network.” - Ari Emanuel
Expanding on his vision, Jules wrote 
A Photon Driven Economy
 as an example of how RNDR<->BAT could interact and work together. The RNDR Token will allow for cross-token development and services across multiple fronts (BAT, Sia, etc.)
“The Internet was built on the promise of distributed computing and the open exchange of ideas and data. As we move from hypertext and hypermedia to a fully immersive metaverse built on complex interactive 3D scenes, the challenges and opportunities are exponentially greater.”
“The RNDR Token, powered by the blockchain, uses the act of creation — rendered by the laws of physics and light — to open the door to a new model of value exchange and a truly decentralized Metaverse.”
Co-creator of Basic Attention Token (BAT), JavaScript creator, co-founder of Mozilla, and also OTOY and Render Network Advisor Board member, Brendan Eich wrote in his blog post 
"The Render Token"
:
"Large shared AR/VR worlds cannot possibly “encrypt what you see” (as DRM for fixed media tries to do). Yet creators of models and art in such shared virtual worlds need effective and fair protection, as experience from Second Life shows.
Indelible watermarking is a key part of the solution. [..]
I’m honored to be an advisor to OTOY and RNDR. I’m thrilled by the prospects for RNDR, BAT, and other domain-specific tokens that will bind the Metaverse economy into a coherent and equitable, yet decentralized, whole. The future will be tokenized!" - Brendan Eich
This vision of a truly decentralized and open Metaverse is what has connected OTOY with many other leaders in the 3D and entertainment industry, including Star Wars director and 
OTOY and RNDR Advisor Board member J.J. Abrams
:
“As technology continues to become democratized — including the sort of remarkable results you can get with Octane — more diverse and unique stories will be told. Worlds, familiar and extraordinary, will be created and distributed in ways that could not have been imagined a decade ago. ” - J.J. Abrams
Across the Gaming and Virtual Reality industries, pioneers such as Tim Sweeny (CEO of Epic Games) and John Carmack (Developer of Doom/Quake, Former CTO of Facebook Oculus VR)  have publicly pushed for the creation of a Metaverse similar to Jules' vision, as described in a 2017 story about 
Jules Urbach’s Quest To Realize Star Trek’s Holodeck
.
“OTOY is juggling a lot of widely different tech, but if you squint at it right, there are a lot of pieces that fit together in a particular vision of the future.” - John Carmack
Render Network Showcase
Join the Render Revolution: Follow the Render Network
Website:
 
https://render.x.io


Twitter:
 
https://twitter.com/rendernetwork


Discord:
 
https://discord.gg/rendernetwork


Reddit
: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RenderNetwork/


Medium
: 
https://rendernetwork.medium.com/


Facebook
: 
http://facebook.com/rendernetwork


Render Network Foundation:
 
https://renderfoundation.com/
Render Network has officially moved away from RocketChat. 
For the latest news on Render Network, please follow any of our channels listed above.
Last updated 
2 months ago
On this page
Welcome to Render Network
What is the Render Network?
How does the Render Network Work?
Rendering the Metaverse
Render Network Showcase
Join the Render Revolution: Follow the Render Network
SpaceStation by Geoff Holman
Dino Muhic Beauty Shots (Dunlop)
RNDR Automotive 4K Test by Andrey Lebrov
deadmau5 & The Neptunes - Pomegranate (Official Music Video) partially rendered on RNDR
Gilles Augustijnen Hype-O-Dream 2020