Introduction | Treasure Docs
Search
Ctrl
 + K
✨
About Treasure
Introduction
Liquidity
Thesis: Liquidity Abstraction
Public Roadmap
Governance
Reporting
DAO Treasury & Multisigs
Improvement Proposals
$MAGIC
How do I buy $MAGIC?
Staking $MAGIC
Games
First-Party Games
Bridgeworld
Smolverse
See All Games
Treasure Hunter Starter Kit
Meet the Team
Visit Treasure
💻
Treasure Stack
🔗
Treasure Chain
🔮
Treasure Portal
📜
Testnet Details & Links
🏅
Portal Quests
🖼️
Commemorative NFT
🖼️
纪念性 NFT
✨
MAGIC on Sepolia Testnet
✨
MAGIC 在 Sepolia Testnet 上
🚰
Portal Faucet
🌁
Portal Bridge
🟪
Shards
💻
Treasure App
💎
Gems
🪪
Treasure Identity
TreasureTags
Badges & Achievements
👩‍💻
Treasure Development Kit
Payments
Guilds
Emissions
🥨
Treasure Connect
🔁
AMM (Magicswap)
⚒️
For Builders
Game Builders Program
Application Process & Requirements
Marketplace
Marketplace Listing
Metadata Support
Setting Collection Royalties
Delisting Framework
FAQ
API
Badges Implementation
Quests Implementation
📣
For Creators
Content Creators
ℹ️
References
Contracts
Audits
Official Links
Website
Platform & Marketplace
Discord
X/Twitter
GitHub
DAO Multisigs
Glossary
🤝
Get Involved
Getting Involved
Apply for Community Grants
Become a Treasure Ambassador
Contributing to Treasure Docs
Careers at Treasure
Powered by GitBook
Introduction
Official documentation for Treasure, the decentralized game publisher connecting games and players through $MAGIC.
What is Treasure?
Treasure is the decentralized game publisher on the Arbitrum network and is built for community-driven games. 
$MAGIC
MAGIC is the currency of the Treasure ecosystem. Players are able to earn and use MAGIC through playing 
Bridgeworld, 
and other game cartridges. 
Every project listed on the Treasure platform utilizes a resource known as 
MAGIC 
in their respective metaverses, with each community inventing its own lore and storytelling for this resource. MAGIC is the native token of Treasure, and is the sole currency for all marketplace transactions. MAGIC acts as the reserve currency for the entire web of metaverses all connected under the Treasure umbrella.
All Treasure projects are linked through narrative and economy by MAGIC. The TreasureDAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) uses MAGIC emissions to grow new projects and continue supporting more mature ones.
For further information on $MAGIC, 
check out this page.
Bridgeworld
The central metaverse in Treasure is a place called Bridgeworld. Within Bridgeworld, MAGIC is emitted and harvested. Bridgeworld utilizes a three-part resource economy:
$MAGIC
 (Power);
Treasures
 (Resources); and
Legions
 (Characters)
Legions (characters) use treasures (resources) to mine for MAGIC (power) and build larger forms of infrastructure and equipment. MAGIC is the resource that allows Legions to quest and craft new items using treasures. The relationship between treasures and MAGIC is the equilibrium underpinning Bridgeworld.
MAGIC is an increasingly scarce resource needed to “power on” treasures and allow them to function as productive assets. Treasures produce the instruments and materials needed to continue mining MAGIC. This dance between treasures and MAGIC forms a base layer metaverse on which other metaverse economies can be built and connected.
Vision and Mission
The TreasureDAO, governed by staked MAGIC holders, oversees the project. The goal of Treasure is to allow communities to bootstrap new, decentralized metaverses. We believe that metaverses are community-written stories, and resources are threads by which the fabric of the metaverse is sewn.
The DAO votes on which projects to onboard, MAGIC distribution, and revenue sharing agreements for the marketplace. Treasure has enjoyed a strong grassroots community in its brief history. Over time, we expect the DAO to cultivate a much larger ecosystem with multiple product offerings. In 2022, the DAO will be launching a generalized NFT marketplace (transacted in ETH) as an additional revenue source. Projects on this marketplace will not be related to MAGIC or Bridgeworld. The marketplace simply provides the DAO with additional runway to continue supporting the growth of the overall Treasure ecosystem.
Over time, Treasure hopes to become the beacon of decentralization across the entire NFT ecosystem. The DAO will begin building decentralized competitors to existing NFT products, using this revenue to jumpstart new projects and continue growing older ones. MAGIC acts as a flywheel to increase decentralization in the metaverse and develop decentralized crypto-economic primitives that can function as “real world” economic assets.
Community-Driven
Treasure is a fair-launch, community-driven project. The vast majority of Treasure’s team members came directly from the community, inspired by Treasure’s ethos of building in the open and with transparency. 
The DAO has established a framework by which the community can build alongside the team and receive rewards in MAGIC for developing key parts of the ecosystem (e.g., tooling, lore, quests). These incentives deepen MAGIC’s network effect by aligning the broader ecosystem and incentivizing other communities to build on top of Treasure.
Every item in the Treasure ecosystem–legions, treasures, and MAGIC–was distributed for free. The other collections on Treasure’s marketplace were also free-to-mint, fair launch projects. Moreover, Treasure itself is open source. The marketplace, quests, and lore are publicly-hosted projects to which anyone can contribute.
The DAO believes that metaverse assets become valuable because of the work that users put into acquiring them. Moreover, metaverses need fair launch origins and decentralized decision-making to sustain community participation over the long-term.
The genesis story of the project has attracted collaborators who align with our vision of community-run, decentralized metaverses. In December 2021, the DAO voted to approve a strategic partnership with 1kx, an early-stage investment fund that shared Treasure’s belief in grassroots building. 1kx spearheaded a network of strategic investors who enabled the DAO to diversify its treasury and rapidly scale the project.
DAO Governed
Treasure is governed by its DAO, or 
Decentralized Autonomous Organization
. To ensure a degree of structure, however, a group of dedicated DAO members from the "Treasure Council" will help execute Treasure's vision.
For more information on the Treasure Council and broader team, 
meet the team
.
Decisions are formed by the DAO and voted by $MAGIC holders through 
Governance
.
Decentralization
 solves a crucial scaling problem. There is no way the team (no matter the size) can scrape together a 
collective imagination
 sufficient to construct the entirety of this metaverse. Decentralization, therefore, creates the conditions by which a true metaverse can develop and be 
free of proprietary distortion
.
Next
Liquidity
Last updated 
1 month ago
On this page
What is Treasure?
$MAGIC
Bridgeworld
Vision and Mission
Community-Driven
DAO Governed
Was this helpful?
Edit on GitHub