Introduction to Ribbon Finance | Ribbon Finance
Ribbon Finance
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Introduction to Ribbon Finance
Aevo
FAQ
General
DOV Deposits
DOV Withdrawals
DOV Trading and options
Ribbonomics
Dune dashboards
Contribute
Security
Ribbon Theta Vaults
Introduction to Theta Vaults
Strike Selection and Expiry
Options Architecture
Options Settlement
Auctions
Risk profile
Fees
Theta vaults architecture
User guides
How to deposit
How to withdraw
How to pause and resume
How to stake, unstake vault shares and claim rewards
How to transfer vault positions
How to participate in Paradigm Auctions
How to redeem oTokens
RIBBON EARN
Introduction to Ribbon Earn
Ribbon Earn USDC
Risk-Free Rate
Twin win strategy
Vault specifications
Eligibility
Fees
Ribbon Earn stETH
What is a dolphin strategy?
Vault specifications
Risk profile
Fees
RIBBON LEND
Introduction to Ribbon Lend
Yields from unsecured lending
No lockups
Pool status
Default
Off-chain enforcement / credit underwriting
Built-in insurance
Fees
ribbon treasury
Introduction to Ribbon Treasury
Why Ribbon Treasury?
Partners
How to get involved
Ribbonomics
Overview and RBN tokenomics
Vote-Escrowed RBN
Fee Collection and Distribution
Liquidity Gauges and RBN Emissions
Gauge Weight Voting
Bribes
Guide to Boost Bribing
For Bribers
For veRBN Holders
Upgrades
How to lock RBN, boost and claim protocol revenues
Developers
Deployed Contracts
Ribbon Subgraph
Powered by GitBook
Introduction to Ribbon Finance
Ribbon Finance
 is a suite of DeFi protocols that help users access crypto structured products. By combining derivatives, lending and a proprietary 
on-chain options exchange (Aevo)
, Ribbon aims to be the one-stop solution for users who want to improve a portfolio's risk-return profile.
Here you can find the products descriptions and 
outgoing links
 to the different communication channels, where you can reach out to the Team and Community.
Theta Vaults (DOVs)
Theta Vaults, also known as DOVs (DeFi Options Vaults), were invented by Ribbon in 2021. At its core, a Theta vault is a yield-oriented strategy that proposes that depositors trade volatility on their underlying by selling 
European options
 with weekly expiration. The sale value of these options, or "premium," is set through 
auctions
 and determines the vault return. The vault reinvests the premiums earned back into the strategy, effectively compounding them for depositors over time.
There are two types currently active:
Covered call selling
: each week the vault issues 
OTM (out of the money)
 call options on all deposits.
Put selling
: each week the vault issues OTM put options on all deposits.
For more information you can check 
this section
.
Ribbon Earn
The 
R-Earn vaults
 employ fully funded strategies to capitalize on the intra-week ETH movements, while also ensuring their capital is protected. The vaults earns a base APY and uses the remaining funding to purchase weekly options.
There are currently two vaults available:
Earn USDC: it employs a twin win strategy through which depositors can capitalise on the intra-week ETH movements in either direction;
Earn stETH: employs dolphin strategy through which depositors can capitalise on the upside ETH movements.
For more information you can check 
this section
.
Ribbon Treasury
Ribbon Treasury are private Ribbon Theta vaults built specifically for DAOs to run covered calls on their native tokens. These private vaults are segregated from the main Ribbon vaults, and run a custom strategy for each DAO. Each vault has a few unique parameters:
Strike Selection Methodology

DAOs can choose how aggressive they want to be with regards to the strike selection methodology. 
Tenor

DAOs can choose how often they want to run the strategy. The current Ribbon Vaults run a weekly strategy that automatically re-rolls, but DAOs can choose longer tenors.
Premium Currency

DAOs can also choose what currency they want to receive the premiums in. For example, a DAO could elect to receive premiums in USDC or ETH, depending on their treasury diversification goals.
For more information you can check 
this section
.
Ribbon Lend
***Ribbon Lend is currently paused until further notice***
Ribbon Lend can be described as an uncollateralized Aave, allowing depositors to lend unsecured to KYC/AML’d institutional market makers of their choosing with high liquidity. Ribbon Lend offers the best of both worlds between TradFi and DeFi:
High yields from unsecured lending
No lockups from Aave’s money market model
Off-chain enforcement / credit underwriting
Built-in insurance
For more information you can check 
this section
.
Next
Aevo
Last updated 
8 months ago
On this page
Theta Vaults (DOVs)
Ribbon Earn
Ribbon Treasury
Ribbon Lend
Was this helpful?