About DENT


Possibilities
Products
DENT Gigastore
DENT Carrier SDK
DBOS
DENT App
About
Career
Contact
who we are
Mobile connection for everyone, everywhere
We're working towards a future where companies can easily, securely, and transparently manage their telecommunication services. We help businesses provide faster, cheaper, and more reliable access to mobile data, no matter where they are.
blockchain experts
The power of blockchain technology behind our products
Using blockchain technologies and digital currencies, DENT is creating a worldwide ecosystem for buying and selling mobile data and other telco products. Accessible by every person or business.
DENTX & DENT Token – Powering effortless data sharing
DENTX is the native unit of exchange on DENTNet, is used to pay gas fees and secure the network with Staking, while DENT token is the used to buy and sell telecommunication assets in a worldwide marketplace on DENTNet.
How to get DENTX
DENTNet – A new generation of telco infrastructure
With the DENTNet blockchain, we're building the core of a global mobile operator. Services running on decentralized nodes around the world can use by any mobile (virtual) network operator. Offerings to subscribers will emerge to smart contracts on DENTNet.
DENTNet
History
The vision of DENT Wireless
We outlined our vision for the liberation of the telco industry 6 years ago and are continuing this journey. 
Here you can read the original whitepaper from 2017. 
View whitepaper
Team
Meet our team
DENT boasts a team of passionate professionals distributed across development, marketing, sales, and support functions.
CEO
Thomas Dingler
With a strong background in cutting-edge technologies and as a pioneer of App technology, he developed the first app in Germany for the App Store. Since 2023, he has been CEO of DENT, leading the company in transforming mobile data services with eSIM and blockchain.
CTO
Henrik Erkkonen
Henrik has over a decade of experience delivering impactful technology solutions and leading distributed development teams. He drives DENT's technical strategy, drawing from his previous roles as CTO, full-stack developer, and DevOps consultant.
Co-Founder
Tero Katajainen
DENT Wireless founder, Tero Katajainen, originating from Finland, has co-founded several internet startups in his 20-year career. As a specialist for large transactional systems, Tero is the mastermind of all tech at DENT.
Co-Founder
Andee Vollmer
Andee is our mobile specialist, with over 18 years of experience in the mobile app space. 
He leads the business development & product strategy in our team. If you are a potential customer or partner, he might be the first person you talk to.
Co-Founder
Mikko Linnamäki
Mikko has been an accomplished internet pioneer and serial entrepreneur since 1994, founding successful businesses like DOVECOT Oy, the company behind the world's most widely-used IMAP Server, with a 76% global market share and 4 million installations.
Telco Architect
Axel Meiling
Axel is our Telco, eSIM, and IoT expert with over 20 years of industry experience. Previously, an engineer and inventor for Nokia and Siemens.
Partnerships
Trusted by global partners
DENT x G+D
We have been working together for 5+ years in shaping eSIM consumer solutions. Together we enable carriers and other businesses with eSIM capabilities.
DENT x Samsung
We have partnered with Samsung Blockchain to make buying DENTs in your app using other cryptocurrencies even easier.
DENT x Bunq
Bunq is offering its customers worldwide mobile data in partnership with DENT Wireless.
DENT x Apple
DENT is a registered Apple Worldwide service provider, and we have been offering our DENT App in the App Store since 2017.
DENT x Telecom Infra Project
The Telecom Infra Project (TIP) is an engineering-focused initiative that aims to reimagine how to build and deploy telecom network infrastructure and drive the development of next-generation open components.
DENT x MEF
The Mobile Ecosystem Forum is a global trade body that acts as an impartial and authoritative champion for addressing issues affecting the broadening mobile ecosystem.
Let’s get started
Do you have business inquiries or questions? Contact us and we will reply shortly
info@dentwireless.com
Do you have business inquiries or questions? Contact us and we will reply shortly.
info@dentwireless.com
Select interested topic*
DENT Gigastore
DENT Carrier SDK
DBOS Local breakouts 
General question




Your name*
Email*
Phone number
Call me back
I Agree
Company name*
How many people work in your company?
1-10
10-100
100-1000
1000+
Your message*
By submitting this form, you agree to our Terms and Conditions of use and Privacy Policy.
Thank you for your message! Our team will review it and get back to you as soon as possible
New request
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.




Copyright © 2024 DENT Wireless Limited.
All rights reserved
DENT Gigastore
Carrier SDK
DBOS
DENT App
About
Jobs
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Telegram
YouTube
LinkedIn











