Welcome | Bounce Docs
Bounce Docs
 
Home
 
Application
 
Governance
Search
Ctrl
 + K
🥳
Welcome to Bounce Docs
Welcome
Auction as a Service
About Bounce Finance
Our Vision
Product Offering Overview
🕹️
Bounce Auction Mechanisms
Fixed-Price Auction
English Auction
Mutant English Auction
Dutch Auction
Sealed-Bid Auction
Random Selection Auction
Orderbook Auction
Playable Auction
Real world collectibles Auction
Advertisement Auction
🛠️
Auction User Guide
About Bounce's Auction Guides
Fixed-Price Auction Guides
Create a Fixed-Price Auction
Participate in a fixed-price auction
Token claim post auction
Playable Auction Guides
Participate in a playable auction
Dutch Auction Guides
Create a Dutch auction
Participate in a Dutch auction
Token claim post auction
Sealed-Bid Auction Guides
Create a sealed-bid auction
Participate in a sealed-bid auction
Random Selection Auction Guides
Create a random selection auction
Participate in a random selection auction
After the auction
NFT Sealed-Bid Auction Guides
Create an NFT sealed-bid auction
Participate in an NFT sealed-bid auction
NFT English Auction Guides
Create an NFT English auction
Participate in an NFT English auction
After the NFT English auction
NFT Dutch Auction Guides
Create an NFT Dutch auction
Participate in an NFT Dutch auction
After the NFT Dutch auction
NFT Random Selection Auction Guides
Create an NFT lottery auction
Bounce Staking Auction User Guide
🔨
Auction Products
Ad Space Auctions
Real World Collectible Auctions
Token & NFT Auctions
🪙
Bounce M&A
Motivation Behind Bounce M&A
Key Features of Bounce M&A
🖼️
Bounce NFT
NFT Issuance
NFT standards
NFT standard API document
NFT issuance on Binance Smart Chain
FAQ
What's a Web Wallet? What's Metamask?
How to Get Setup on Metamask?
How Do I Connect My Wallet to BSC?
How Do I Become "Verified" on Bounce NFT?
How to Make Money on NFTs
How to Search for NFTs?
Bounce NFT Support
👨‍💼
Logistics
Sign Up
Sign In
Basic Profile Registration
Portfolio Registration
Company Registration
Account Settings
Start-up Ideas
👨‍🌾
Bounce Recruitment
What is Bounce Recruitment?
Key Features
Technical Innovations
Whitepaper
Architectural Overview
Tokenomics
Business model
Strategic Vision
User Guide
User Help Manual
Account Management
Sign in/ Sign up
Forget Password
Account Settings
My Wallet
Being a Seller
How to Become a Seller
How to Modify Seller Profile
Service Management
Service Category
Create the Service
How do I Retrieve the Service?
Requesting & Acquiring a Service
Follow Service or Seller
How do I Post a Request?
How to Purchase a Service
Search Requests
Request Bidding
Cancellation of Published Requests
Confirmation Bid
Ordering Process
The Ordering Workflow
Minting the Deliverable as an NFT
Order Voucher (on chain)
Order Reviews & Ratings
FAQ
Seller Verification Process
👀
Token Economics
AUCTION Token Economics
AUCTION Token Metrics
Investors
👪
Bounce DAO
Bounce Lab
Governance
Governance Policies
Governance Forum
🤩
Bounce Community
Join our Community
📶
Additional Resource
Auditing Report
Branding Asset
Bug Report
Bounce Github
Powered by GitBook
Welcome
Introducing Bounce: Decentralized Auctions At Your Fingertips
Since the first traditional auction in 500 B.C. through to the digital incarnations of today, this age-old process of buying and selling assets has struggled to introduce real improvements in efficiency, transparency, and accessibility. This comes down to three main problems. 
Firstly, traditional auctions are typically centralized. This means that they are controlled by a single auction house or broker, which can lead to a lack of transparency and fairness. 
Secondly, they can be expensive for sellers, who may have to pay significant commissions to the auction house or broker. Plus, traditional auctions can be difficult to access for inexperienced buyers due to the complex and intimidating bidding processes that follow their own set of rules, customs, and terminologies.
Lastly, when held in person, traditional auctions are often limited to a specific geographic location, which can curtail the pool of potential bidders and buyers. 
Transforming Auctions Through Blockchain Technology
Decentralization offers the potential to solve all these issues, opening the way to a new type of auction: one that is transparent, trust-less, secure, and indelibly recorded through blockchain technology. 
Web3 auctions are powered by smart contracts, which are self-executing with the terms agreed between buyer and seller written into tamper-proof code. And in a major shift from traditional auctions, participants can also bid on assets using cryptocurrency. This means anyone with an internet connection and a crypto wallet can take part, regardless of their location or financial status. This opens up new opportunities for people to sell or bid on assets that may once have been out of reach.
Meet Bounce: The Web3 Auction Specialist
Bounce
’s fully decentralized auction platform uses blockchain technology to ensure more transparent, efficient, and accessible auctioning, bidding, and buying processes for Web3 users. 
Since our September 2020 launch, Bounce has grown into one of the most popular decentralized auction platforms in the Web3 ecosystem, particularly esteemed by buyers and sellers in the DeFi and NFT spaces. We also offer the widest selection of auctions in Web3: from the popular English auction, where the bidding starts from the lowest possible price, through to innovative playable auctions, where participants compete in simple games for the right to buy assets. 
Unlike centralized auction platforms, Bounce is non-custodial, which means users retain control over their funds and assets at all times. Powered by blockchain, Bounce’s platform also uses smart contracts – not people – to manage auctions and distribute funds, ensuring a process that is both transparent and secure.
One of the unique strengths of Bounce is our integration with other DeFi protocols, including, most recently, Arbitrum One for efficient and affordable Ethereum transactions. Bounce’s integrations enable users to easily swap between assets and participate in auctions using their preferred tokens. 
Our platform allows for the creation of custom auctions, enabling users to set their own parameters such as reserve prices and auction duration across various auction types.
Auction creators can also allocate a portion of the proceeds to specific beneficiaries or charities, providing a straightforward way to give back to the community. They can also opt to earn a percentage as a fee, incentivizing them to create high-quality and attractive auctions.
Bounce V3
With the launch of 
Bounce V3
 in February 2023, we completely overhauled our approach to auctions in a bid to adapt to an evolving Web3 landscape. 
We’ve entered new auction sectors, expanded our marketplace offerings and forged new development partnerships to increase the range of benefits and features for users. We’ve also added fairness mechanisms to our auction processes to prevent fraudulent activity and an innovative regret function for fixed swap auctions that allows participants to withdraw their bids at any time during the process. 
Perhaps most importantly, Bounce V3 introduced Auction as a Service (AaaS).


Next
Auction as a Service
Last updated 
6 months ago
On this page
Introducing Bounce: Decentralized Auctions At Your Fingertips
Transforming Auctions Through Blockchain Technology
Meet Bounce: The Web3 Auction Specialist
Bounce V3
Was this helpful?
 
©2023 Bounce dao Ltd. All rights reserved.