Welcome to MVL | ENG | MVLChain
MVLChain
ENG
ENG
KOR
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Welcome to MVL
🚗
Mobi Services
TADA Ride-Hailing
ONiON E-Vehicle & Infra
Mobility Solutions
Partnerships
⛓️
MVL Blockchain
MVL Blockchain
MVL DePIN
MVL Fi
MVL RWA (Musubi)
Clutch Wallet
Web2-Web3 Bridging
Assetization of Mobi Datas
Open Infra for Mobility
MVL Token Economy
Token
Governance
Treasury
Milestone & Road Map
Milestone
Road Map
🕹️
User Guide
Clutch Wallet Guide
Sign Up
Connect to Mobility
Main Function and Benefit
Security and Account
Incentive Protocol Guide
Financing Protocol Guide
Token Use Cases
Buy Products
Governance
MVL Staking
MUST READ
BackGround
LP Staking (Farms)
Single Staking (Pools)
User Guide
MVL Bridge
Must Read Before Using the MVL Bridge
Creating a MetaMask Wallet
Using the MVL Bridge
Connect Wallet
Staking
BNB-bMVL LP Staking
ETH-MVL LP Staking
bMVL Single Staking
MVL Single Staking
FAQ
MVL Bridge
Wallet
Staking
Other Activity
📞
Contact
Contact Us
Homepage
Telegram
Powered by GitBook
Welcome to MVL
MVL is a project that shares the value of data with all ecosystem participants.
Mobility platform companies enhance their value by utilizing user service usage data. The increase in value of mobility platform companies is significantly contributed to by individual users as well as the platform company itself. However, traditional mobility platform companies have monopolized all mobility data in a centralized manner.
This is where MVL comes in. The MVL team wants to share the value of data monopolized by mobility service platform companies with all ecosystem participants.
Over the past five years, we have completed a broad mobility ecosystem ranging from ride hailing to vehicle manufacturing.
TADA, a mobility service brand, directly operates taxi and ride-hailing services. Over the past five years, TADA has achieved explosive growth in several Southeast Asian countries, including Singapore and Cambodia, and has now become a popular service. In addition, we provide a variety of solutions to our partners based on our technology and experience across all areas of mobility, including delivery, logistics, truck management, limousine reservations, and designated driving. 
ONiON Mobility, an eco-friendly vehicle brand, provides services for all life cycles of vehicles, including vehicle manufacturing, operation management, vehicle finance (sales, loan, rental), and driver management (credit evaluation, loan, insurance). In particular, we directly operate infrastructure such as battery asset management and eco-friendly charging stations, and are continuously expanding our service scope into the eco-friendly energy sector.
The convergence of mobility and blockchain can create greater value. 
MVL provides a variety of blockchain protocols to support the growth of mobility services. By applying transparent and fair token incentives, users can be encouraged to continue participating in the service, and a reliable vehicle financing system can be implemented using NFT and smart contracts. 
In the MVL ecosystem, various mobility data are generated in real time. MVL records these data in DePIN (Decentralized Physical Mobility Infrastructure Network). This data is being utilized for the development of new services and products, like vehicle RWAs.
Next
TADA Ride-Hailing
Last updated 
27 days ago