I. Introduction | AITECH
AITECH
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Overview
I. Introduction
Our Vision
General Overview of the Project
ll. AITECH Ecosystem
Computing Resource Provider
Software/AI Services Providers
Government Enterprise Blockchain Solution
lll. Roadmap
RoadMap 2023
About Solidus
📑
Market Overview
🤖
Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence Marketplace
AI Marketplace for developers:
🔌
GPU Marketplace
🏭
AITECH Data Center
📁
Our Solutions
🔐
Security
🌳
Sustainable Solutions
AITECH Token
About AITECH
Token Sales & Distribution
Growth Initiatives
DAO Governance
MISC.
Apply for AITECH Pad
🇨🇳
Whitepaper in Mandarin
🔥
Giveaway Campaigns
$20,000 Airdrop Campaign - by AITECH
AITECH x CoinMarketCap: $50,000 Airdrop Campaign. Terms & Conditions
Solidus Ai Tech Website
CertiK
Medium.com
Twitter
Telegram Chat
Telegram Announcements
LinkedIn
Legal
Legal Disclaimer
Powered by GitBook
I. Introduction
Links: | 
Website
 | 
CertiK
 | 
Medium
 | 
GitHub
 
Community:  
Twitter
 | 
Telegram Chat
 | 
Telegram - Announcements 
| 
Discord
 | 
LinkedIn
 | 
Instagram
 
Introduction to AITECH
Solidus has successfully constructed an environmentally conscious, state-of-the-art High-Performance Computing (HPC) Data Centre spanning over 8,000 square feet. This facility is strategically situated in a highly secure European location. In conjunction with this remarkable achievement, Solidus is set to unveil the world's pioneering deflationary AI infrastructure utility token, known as AITECH. This token will serve as a payment gateway for accessing services of the Artificial intelligence & GPU Marketplace.
AITECH, as the core token fueling the Solidus AI Tech ecosystem, presents a comprehensive solution for procuring all services available on the platform. In addition to facilitating token payments, Solidus offers the convenience of accepting traditional payment methods. The conversion of fiat currency transactions to AITECH occurs seamlessly on the backend, with the entire process conducted on the Blockchain utilizing AITECH tokens. 
As an integral component of our deflationary token economy, a percentage (yet to be determined) of AITECH tokens utilized for acquiring services on the platform will be systematically burned. This meticulous process ensures the utmost transparency, as the precise number of tokens subjected to burning can be readily monitored through our comprehensive dashboard.
Dive to the Past
When Solidus launched in December 2017 as a Ethereum Mining entity, the company has an intimation that Ethereum would very likely move from ‘proof of work’ to ‘proof of stake’ and would no longer be mineable largely due to the aforementioned pending updates and developments in the Ethereum roadmap. Furthermore, the EIP-1559 upgrade will eventually make Ethereum deflationary. The Solidus team knew that this scenario was probable, and pre-emptively opened up channels of communication with our joint venture partner's international clients, these include of Governmental Authorities and Corporations who would likely require AI & HPC services in the future.
When the data centre and AI & GPU marketplace is complete, Solidus Ai Tech will begin generating revenue from Governmental Authorities, Corporations, SMEs & Web3 & Blockchain companies. The long-term plan is to scale up by building additional data centres across the globe. All of our data centres will follow our unique protocol.
Solidus Ai Tech Revenue Streams
AITECH Pad - Launchpad
GPU Marketplace - High Performance Computing (HPC) Power
Artificial Intelligence Marketplace
Artificial-Intelligence-as-a-Service (AIaaS)
Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS)
AITECH Token Utilities
Participating in launches of projects on 
AITECH Pad - Launchpad.
Accessing services on our AI & GPU marketplace.
Reward the most popular AI applications in our marketplace.
Rewards for locking up tokens on our staking platform.
DAO governance, Voting power proportional to amount of tokens staked.
Next
Our Vision
Last updated 
12 days ago
On this page
Introduction to AITECH
Dive to the Past
Solidus Ai Tech Revenue Streams
AITECH Token Utilities
 
BSC Smart Contract
: 0x2d060ef4d6bf7f9e5edde373ab735513c0e4f944
Disclaimer: This contract address is the official token contract address. Please refer to the above before going ahead with decisions through any third party websites.