









Introduction | Radworks Documentation












Skip to main content
Introduction
Ecosystem
The RAD Token
Governance
Overview
Governance Manual
Stay up to date
FAQ
History
Code of Conduct
Introduction
On this page
What is Radworks?
In a world that almost entirely relies on software, maintaining the resilience and health of the free and open source ecosystem is more important than ever.
Radworks is building a sovereign developer stack that enables developers to securely host, collaborate, and reward open-source code. It operates as a community-governed network that uses both and off- and on-chain governance mechanisms to make decisions as a community. 
See 
here
 for more information on our governance.
Purpose
​
Radworks focuses on funding and supporting the creation of censorship-resistant and decentralized technologies that empower builders and creators to collaborate.
Radworks is committed to transparency, inclusivity, and decentralized decision-making, ensuring that the community has a say in the direction of its efforts and the projects it supports. Together, the Radworks community can build a more decentralized and equitable future for software development. 
The community-mandated purpose lives 
here
.
Projects
​
Radworks currently supports the development of the following technologies:
Radicle 👾
Radicle is a peer-to-peer code collaboration stack
radicle.xyz
 
Drips 💧
Drips is a decentralized toolkit for funding critical software dependencies
drips.network
 
Radicle Integrations & Tooling 🛠️
The Radicle Integrations & Tooling team improves onboarding to Radicle by developing integrations with third-party developer tooling
Coming soon!
 
RSN 🌐
The Radworks Seed Network is a decentralized network of seed node operators providing storage and retrieval services for the Radicle network.
Coming soon!
 
About this doc
Last updated
 on 
Apr 19, 2024
Contribute
Edit this page
Stay up to date
Need help?
Find us on Discord
Follow us on Twitter
Next
Ecosystem
Purpose
Projects
Copyright © 2024 Radworks 
 and contributors.







