What is Beta Finance? | Beta Finance
Beta Finance
Search
Ctrl
 + K
What is Beta Finance?
Getting Started
Overview
Lending
Borrowing
Shorting
Refilling and Repaying
Managing Positions
Permissionless Money Market Creation
Risk Framework
Supported Collaterals
Risk Parameters
Methodology
Liquidity Risks
For Developers
Protocol Overview
Deployed Contracts
Resources
Security & Audits
OMNI: Upcoming Changes
BETA Tokenomics
FAQ
Powered by GitBook
What is Beta Finance?
Welcome to Beta Finance
Beta Finance
 is the permissionless money market for borrowing, lending, and shorting crypto assets. This means that anyone at anytime is able to create a money market for any crypto asset. The protocol is live 
here
.
For information on the upcoming changes to the protocol, please see 
OMNI: Upcoming Changes
.
👨‍🌾 Lenders
Lenders are able to now earn risk-free yield (as high as 1000+%) on not only popular assets, but also the long tail of crypto assets, including yield farmed tokens, that exist today! Easily deposit your tokens on Beta into the token's money market, or create it yourself if it's not there yet.
🤝 Borrowers
Borrowers are able to borrow crypto assets by supplying ETH and/or Stablecoin as collateral. This gives users flexibility when interacting with other protocols that requires using assets they currently do not have without losing their current positions.
📈 Traders
Traders are able to short sell any crypto asset by using their ETH and/or Stablecoin as collateral. Beta provides an integrated "1-Click" Short that makes initiating and managing short positions simple.
🧨 Liquidators
Liquidators are able to earn a premium bounty reward for monitoring and liquidating under-collateralized positions.
Why we built Beta Finance
Shorting is a counter balancing force to price volatility and critical piece of financial infrastructure missing in DeFi. Rather than allow volatility to persist as the norm and depend on liquidation cascades for price corrections, we wanted to enable DeFi users to have the ability to act as an opposing force to price volatility by providing an simple and seamless experience to short assets. 
Additionally, currently >99% of actively traded crypto assets are neglected by popular money market protocols, leaving these token holders with few or no options to earn additional yield on their tokens. As DeFi grows larger and larger, we wanted a money market protocol that could scale with it, where users were able to create money markets immediately. 
Project mission and vision
Our mission is to offset the volatility in DeFi today by developing critical infrastructure and user tooling to facilitate market efficiency. We stand by the DeFi ethos of "Open Finance For All" and seek to re-define finance by providing a foundational block in DeFi that future projects will be built upon.
Stay Connected
Connect with us on social media to stay up to date with all our 
Medium
Discord
Twitter
Telegram (
community
) (
announcements
)
Next
Overview
Last updated 
1 year ago
On this page
Was this helpful?
Welcome to Beta Finance
👨‍🌾 Lenders
🤝 Borrowers
📈 Traders
🧨 Liquidators
Why we built Beta Finance
Project mission and vision
Stay Connected