League of Kingdoms | League of Kingdoms Arena
League of Kingdoms Arena
Search
Ctrl
 + K
🏰
League of Kingdoms
Game Play
Kingdom building
Farm & Hunt
Alliance
Battle
Game Economy
LAND NFT
🪙
League of Kingdoms Arena
Disclaimer
Legal opinion
Risk
Value loop
Allocation schedule
Public Sale
Private Sale
Game Issuance
Land Issuance
Staking rewards
Ecosystem growth
Advisor
Dev Team
Reserve
Governance
Pledge of LOKA
🐲
Drago NFTs
Elements
Play & Earn Economy
Dragon Soul Token - $DST
🛣️
Roadmap
🫂
Community
🏗️
Dev Team
🙋‍♂️
FAQ
Powered by GitBook
🏰
League of Kingdoms
The first MMO Strategy game on blockchain
This whitepaper will provide information about the past, present, and future of a blockchain Massively Multiplayer Online (MMO) strategy game, League of Kingdoms.
League of Kingdoms has launched in July 2020 as the first 4x MMO strategy game on the blockchain. The game is currently as of Q1 2022 one of the fastest-growing blockchain MMO games in the world. 
The game runs on the blockchain network and its NFT ecosystem involves various in-game assets and properties including its iconic Land NFT.  The Land NFTs are stored on the blockchain network and represent the very ground where the League of Kingdoms world stands. 
Not only gamers can own these Lands, but also gather resources on the Lands and mint them into NFTs to trade. All these tokenized assets are transparently and trustlessly transacted and traded across the blockchain, without intermediaries. 
The game offers various gameplay modes, ranging from PvE to MMO. In the future, more game modes, events, quests, campaigns, and competitions will be added to the game universe.
With the entire gamut of diverse and engaging content, there is no time to be bored in the world of League of Kingdoms!🔥🔥
Explosive Growth
League of Kingdoms is a game enjoyed daily by many thousands of gamers from around the globe. 
Impressive daily active user growth to 120,000 in January 2022 from 4,000 in July 2021 
Global Players from more than 210+ countries around the world play daily
Cumulative app download - 400,000 (iOS, Android) (excluding PC, which doesn't require downloading but consists the majority) 
2/3 of eth gamers - 23,000+ Ethereum wallets played League of Kingdoms in December 2021, which is two-thirds of 33,311 gaming wallets on August 2021 (
Data from DappRadar
) 
Stellar metrics
Sticky retention: 
The game boasts 7-Day retention at 35% despite being completely free-to-play. (vs 
Hardcord game D7 retention benchmark was 9% in 2019
)
Deep pockets
: Average Revenue per Paying Users(ARPPU) is at $131.1 (as of Jan 2022) which is more than double the lucrative RPG ARPPU benchmark of $60.
Core Conversion:
  About 6% of daily active users convert to paying for in-game content. The average amount purchased (ARPU) is around $7 (as of Q3 2021)
While League of Kingdoms is an entertaining game, the rapid rise of the digital economy and blockchain Play-to-Earn revolution has given it characteristics of a social network and economic platform with a strong community that spans across the digital and real world. 
We envision that our continuous efforts to shape how gamers relate their game experience with their real-life will expand what gamers can do in the digital sphere, further erasing the boundaries between people’s online and physical lives.
Next
Game Play
Last updated 
2 years ago
On this page
Explosive Growth
Stellar metrics
Was this helpful?
Game Play Video
DAU trend July 2020 - Jan 2022