Introduction | Hunt Town
Hunt Town
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Introduction
Information
To-do list
Hunt Town Website
Building NFT Minting Page
Hunt Town
Builders Ecosystem
Town Hall Contract
Minting a Building NFT
BUILD Point
Burning a Building NFT
Hunt Town Discord
Weekly Raffle
Building NFT Verification Guide
🛡️
Security Audit by BEOSIN
Hunt Town Tools
🟠
Mint Club
🟢
Dixel Club
🔵
Neverlose Money
⚪
Nomadtask
📺
LOL Hunt
🟣
Steemhunt
HUNT Token
Terms
Hunt Town Github
Twitter
OpenSea - HUNT Building
Powered by GitBook
Introduction
What is 
Hunt Town
?
Hunt Town
 is a Web3 builders guild where builders come together to contribute to the expansion of Web3 culture and products. This is a Web3 builders private guild for people who are involved in creating/operating apps, services, tools, platforms, communities, or any type of projects that are based on the Web3 ecosystem.
By creating a Web3 builders guild, Hunt Town is creating an engine to empower the builders’ activities and projects. Their co-building actions via Hunt Town are powered by the 
Town Hall Contract
 and 
BUILD Point system
.
Website - 
https://hunt.town/
Why do we need this?
Being a founder or a member of a Web3 project is a challenging task due to the lack of industrial level experience and legal support on the Web3 system. It’s like constructing a road when you can only see five metres ahead of you on a foggy morning.
What if we could create a private guild for Web3 builders where they could co-work, help each other, share resources, and form cross-teams for each of their projects? What if we could shape a non-legally mandated association of Web3 builders who are involved in the acts of creating/operating apps, services, tools, platforms, communities, or any type of projects that are based on the Web3 ecosystem?
That’s what we’re creating! A Web3 builders guild with a simple but adjusted ownership model with the combination of fungible and non-fungible tokens.
A Building that helps you BUILD
Hunt Town is a private guild that requires a Building NFT, minted by locking up 1,000 HUNT tokens. The HUNT tokens are just a binding token that is locked in the Building NFT, it's not a payment for funding the team or the project. Once the one-year lock-up period finishes, you can get the locked-up HUNT tokens back by burning the Building NFT.
With the Building NFT you own, you will be able to co-work with other Web3 builders to build your own Web3 project or participate in other projects too. Being an active guild member can give you chances to:
Earn BUILD points that can maximise your building activities in the Hunt Town guild. 
Have better access to Hunt Town tools such as Dixel Club (
https://dixelclub.com/
) and Mint Club (
https://mint.club/
). 
Collect more Building NFTs that contain more HUNT tokens and give you more power to utilise Hunt Town guild.
This guild system is designed to combine the interactions of different projects on different blockchain platforms in the Hunt Town guild to create unified value in the community without requiring a complicated token bridge/platform.
This is a bold and exciting move to bring Web3 to the forefront. So let’s jump into Hunt Town right away!
Next
Information
Last updated 
1 year ago
On this page
What is Hunt Town?
Why do we need this?
A Building that helps you BUILD