Axie Infinity | Axie Infinity
Axie Infinity
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Axie Infinity
Gameplay
Battling
Tournaments and Esports
Breeding and $SLP
Axie Economy & Long-term Sustainability
Land
Axie Infinity: Raylights
Lunacia SDK
Axie Infinity Shards - $AXS
Allocations and Unlock schedule
Play and Earn
Staking and Staking Rewards
Ecosystem Fund
Sky Mavis
Advisors
Public Sale
Private Sale
Community
Third-party development
Decentralized Organization
Key Metrics
Future revenue streams
Technology
Ronin Ethereum Sidechain
Smart contracts and GitHub Repo
Roadmap and completed milestones
Team
Partners
Powered by GitBook
Axie Infinity
Official Axie Infinity Whitepaper, last updated November 2021
Axie Infinity Universe
Axie Infinity is a universe filled with fierce, collectible creatures called Axies. Axie features a player-owned economy where players have complete ownership of their digital assets and can buy, sell, and trade them just like physical trading cards and collectibles. 
The Axie universe is always expanding through new games and experiences. Many of these experiences will allow players to compete with each other using complex strategies and tactics to attain top rankings or be rewarded with coveted resources. Others will have them complete quests, defeat bosses, and unlock in-depth storylines.
The number of Axie combination is almost infinite. Each Axie has a variety of parts based on a unique genetic code. These genes correspond to body parts which can be interpreted in different ways by different experiences. For example, the first generation of Axie games have all featured systems where Axies can play cards or use moves in battle determined by their body parts.
Community & Economy
All art assets and Axie genetic data can be easily accessed by 3rd parties, allowing community developers to build their own tools and experiences in the Axie Infinity universe. While still in early access, Axie is ranked the #1 Ethereum game by daily, weekly, and monthly active users. Players have spent over 1M ETH (4B+ USD) so far in the Axie universe.
While Axie is a fun game, it's also taken on characteristics of a social network and earning platform due to the strong community and opportunity to truly own resources earned within the games.
A key difference between Axie and a traditional game is that Blockchain economic design unlocks the ability to have complex player-owned economies and reward players who are able to reach advanced levels of skill. Players are able to have fun and work towards ambitious goals while simultaneously earning potential resources that will have real monetary value due to an open economic system and demand from other players - “Play-and-Earn”.
Currently, players can gain more resources to advance in the game by:
Competing in Battles to win leaderboard prizes as well as Smooth Love Potions (SLP) 
Breeding Axies to produce new ones with particular Body Part combinations 
Collecting and speculating on rare Axies such as Mystics and Origins
Creating art and content
On-boarding newcomers to the Axie universe
Mission
We're here to create an ecosystem of amazing Axie gaming experiences with community and player-owned economies as foundational pillars. By doing this we will
 deliver property rights to all users of the internet, starting with gamers.
Axie is a digital nation where people globally come together to play, work, and make lifelong connections.
When we started this journey 4 years we weren't sure where we'd end up but we believed that if we asked the right questions we could build something with you that had never been seen before. We asked:
What if we built a game that could onboard the world to Web3?
What if we could make crypto nostalgic,educational, and immersive?
What if a game could be built by developers and players working together through aligned incentives?
Welcome to the Axie revolution.
Disclaimer: Please note that anything written in this white paper should not be taken as financial advice. Axie is a bleeding-edge game that's incorporating unfinished, risky, and highly experimental technology. Development priorities, roadmaps, and features are subject to radical overhaul based on research, traction, feedback from the community, and a myriad of other factors.
Next
Gameplay
Last updated 
1 year ago
On this page
Axie Infinity Universe
Community & Economy
Mission
Was this helpful?