Overview | ONLY1 WHITEPAPER
ONLY1 WHITEPAPER
Ask or Search
Ctrl
 + K
⚡
Overview
💙
Product
Memberships
Messenger
Explore
Marketplace
CRM Tools
🆙
Benefits
Social Login
Pay with Card
Gasless Transaction
💎
Crypto
LIKE Token Utility
LIKE Tokenomics
Basic Information
Release Schedule
Wallets
Token Allocation
Investors
ℹ️
About
Roadmap
📘
Help Center
🔗
Links
Powered by GitBook
⚡
Overview
Updated April 2024
What is Only1?
Only1 is a next-generation membership-based social platform that redefines the way creators and fans connect. It ensures non-custodial, instant payments while providing a suite of tools for creators to optimize workflow and enhance revenue.
Only1 has two membership types. Alongside subscriptions as traditional, monthly memberships, we implemented Passes, a new form of permanent premium membership.
LIKE - Only1's utility token
Be part of the innovative creator platform that strives to redefine the creator economy. We provide creators and fans alike with a one-of-a-kind platform experience while harnessing the power of decentralisation and Web3. Thus, LIKE is the creator platform utility token on Solana, shaping the future of the creator economy.


LIKE Utilities:
Buyback
: 20% of the company profit will be used to buy LIKE quarterly
Creator Staking
: Fans stake their LIKE on favourite creators for APY
Community Reward
: Seasonal airdrops and more based on platform activities
For Creators
Creators can earn by launching two membership types to share exclusive content and receive tips from direct messages. Additionally, Only1's native CRM tools such as multi-account management and analytics help creators simplify and optimize workflow and revenue.
Passes
: First-ever permanent, premium membership, limited by number & resell-able by holders
Subscription
: P2P Monthly renewable membership
Self-Custodial
: Funds move almost instantly from fans to creator and no platform or payment processor will hold custodial of them
CRM
: Creators access tools for workflow boost, like multi-account management & fan analytics
For Fans
Fans can join different memberships to access exclusive content and direct message their favorite creators. Fans can also leverage our AI explore engine to discover content and creators. 
Social Login
: Log-in with social account. Upon log-in, a web3 wallet is created and linked
Explore 
: Discover content. Find interesting photos, videos and accounts. Powered by OpenAI CLIP
Messenger
: Send tips, gifts, private messages, photos, videos and gifs to creators through the messenger
Pay with Card/Phone
: 
Top-up USDC through Credit Card, Apple/Google Pay & more
Marketplace
: Pass holders can re-sell Passes and users can purchase Passes on the marketplace
Gasless transaction
:
 Network fees are paid natively in USDC
How is Only1 better than Patreon or OnlyFans?
Next
Memberships
Last updated 
21 days ago
On this page
Was this helpful?
Export as PDF
 
What is Only1?
LIKE - Only1's utility token
For Creators
For Fans
How is Only1 better than Patreon or OnlyFans?