Welcome to Ellipsis Finance | Ellipsis Finance
Ellipsis Finance
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Welcome to Ellipsis Finance
Understanding Crypto Pools
The EPX Token
Understanding $EPX
$EPX Tokenomics
Locking
Incentive Voting
Pool Votes
Migrating EPS to EPX
Liquidity Providers
Understanding Ellipsis Pools
Base, Meta and Factory Pools
Depositing into a Base Pool
Depositing into a Metapool
Staking for EPX rewards
Projects and Protocols
Why Would a Project Use Ellipsis?
List your token on Ellipsis
Guides
What is APR and vAPR?
Using the Multichain Permissionless Bridge
More Information
Deployment Links
Code Audits
Admin Multisig
Ellipsis Registry
List a Token with the Pool Factory
Deploying a Stable Pool
Seeding a Stable Pool
Deploying a Crypto Pool
Seeding a Crypto Pool
Pool Incentives and Rewards
Pool Assets
Links
ellipsis.finance
Twitter
Medium
GitHub
Telegram CN
Telegram EN
Powered by GitBook
Welcome to Ellipsis Finance
The most flexible and capital-efficient DEX on BNB Chain
Ellipsis is a decentralized exchange, and an authorized fork of 
Curve Finance
 on BNB chain that generally solves 3 problems:
It offers efficient, well priced swaps.
It offers yield to token holders in a safe, well tested environment.
It offers a solution for protocols to build deep liquidity for their tokens.
Who should use Ellipsis?
People who need to swap tokens.
People with tokens looking for yield.
Protocols looking for liquidity for their pools.
More about Ellipsis
Ellipsis is an Automated Market Maker (AMM) or exchange that lets users and other decentralised protocols exchange tokens (BUSD to USDC, for example) with low fees and low slippage.
Unlike exchanges that match a buyer and a seller, Ellipsis uses liquidity pools. To achieve successful exchange volume and low slippage, Ellipsis needs a high amount of liquidity (tokens) in the pools. To incentivize liquidity to deposit in Ellipsis pools, Ellipsis offers rewards in EPX tokens to liquidity providers.
What are liquidity pools?
Liquidity pools are pools of tokens that sit in smart contracts and can be exchanged or withdrawn at rates set by the parameters of the smart contract.  Adding liquidity to a liquidity pool gives you the opportunity to earn trading fees and possibly rewards.
What are liquidity providers and LP tokens?
Liquidity providers (LPs) refers to the people who provide liquidity in Ellipsis' pools. For example, if you deposit USDC + BUSD into the 3EPS pool, you are a liquidity provider in the 3EPS pool. 
When you deposit, in return you receive LP tokens representing your deposit in the pool.
What does it mean to 
stake LP tokens
?
Staking LP tokens refers to staking your LP tokens in Ellipsis to receive the EPX rewards from a pool. 
What is the EPX token?
Ellipsis (EPX) is the native token for Ellipsis. It has four main uses: 
As a reward for Liquidity Providers.
For voting on pool incentives.
Locking for platform fees.
Locking to boost Liquidity Provider rewards.
Trading Fees
Ellipsis trading fees are 0.04% for stable or like-kind pools, and range from 0.04% to 0.4% for crypto pools like BUSD <> BNB. 
50% of the trading fees are distributed to liquidity providers in the pools where the trades happen. The other 50% is distributed to EPX lockers.
What is a Week or Epoch on Ellipsis
A week on Ellipsis refers to the 7-day period between Thursdays, 00:00:00 UTC and Wednesdays, 23:59:59 UTC. 
Locks expire at the end of the weeks, and voting periods run from the start to the end of a week.
Next
Understanding Crypto Pools
Last updated 
1 year ago
On this page
Was this helpful?
More about Ellipsis
What are liquidity pools?
What are liquidity providers and LP tokens?
What does it mean to stake LP tokens?
What is the EPX token?
Trading Fees
What is a Week or Epoch on Ellipsis