





Alpine F1® Team Fan Token (ALPINE)






Buy Crypto
Markets
Trade
Basic
Spot
Buy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools
Margin
Increase your profits with leverage
P2P
Buy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options
Convert & Block Trade
The easiest way to trade at all sizes
Advanced
Trading Bots
Trade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable
Copy Trading
Follow the most popular traders
APIs
Unlimited opportunities with one key
Futures
USDⓈ-M Futures
Contracts settled in USDT and USDC
COIN-M Futures
Contracts settled in cryptocurrency
Options
USDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry
Earn
Square
Square
Stay informed with everything crypto
Academy (Learn & Earn)
Earn crypto by learning about blockchain
Blog
Expand your knowledge and get the latest insights
Research
Institutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more
More
VIP & Institutional
Your trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions
Launchpad & Launchpool
Discover and gain access to new token launches
Megadrop
Lock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards
Mining Pool
Mine more rewards by connecting to the pool
Pay
Send, receive and spend crypto
Loans
Get an instant loan secured by crypto assets
NFT
Explore NFTs from creators worldwide
Fan Token
Discover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences
Web3 Wallet
Meet the next-generation Web3 wallet
BNB Chain
The most popular blockchain to build your own dApp
Charity
Blockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable
Insights & Analysis
Project Reports
Alpine F1® Team Fan Token (ALPINE)
A Binance Fan Token for BWT Alpine F1® Team on Binance Smart Chain.
Feb 15th, 2022
The 
Alpine F1® Team Fan Token
 is a BEP-20 utility token designed to revolutionize the fan experience for all BWT Alpine F1® Team supporters. The token empowers BWT Alpine F1® Team fans to participate in team voting polls, hunt digital collectibles, purchase NFTs, and enjoy gamification features that are tied with fan rewards or great experiences.
ALPINE is the official Binance Fan Token for BWT Alpine F1® Team and is used in the following functions:
Current use cases:
Engagement
: ALPINE token holders have the right to participate in fan engagement related voting sessions on the Binance Fan Token platform.
NFT PowerStation
: ALPINE token holders will be able to stake their BWT Alpine F1® Team NFTs for fan rewards, digital collectibles, and more.
Benefits
: ALPINE token holders have access to benefits such as engaging with BWT Alpine F1® Team on the Binance Fan Token Platform, signed merchandise, meet-and-greet with BWT Alpine F1® Team drivers, and other experiences etc.
Future use cases:
Gamification
: ALPINE token holders will be able to access multiple gamification features on the Binance Fan Token Platform.
Donation
: ALPINE token holders will be able to donate directly to their beloved team and get a proof-of-loyalty badge.
The ALPINE token is issued on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) as a native BEP-20 token, empowering BWT Alpine F1® Team fans with broader accessibility, more functionalities, and lower transaction costs.
The maximum and total token supply of ALPINE is 40,000,000. The circulating supply upon listing will be 
11,360,000 (~28.40% of the total token supply)
.
1. What is Alpine F1® Team Fan Token (ALPINE)?
The 
Alpine F1® Team Fan Token
 is a BEP-20 utility token designed to revolutionize the fan experience for all BWT Alpine F1® Team supporters.
This will be Binance's inaugural F1® Fan Token launch, and the third Fan Token Launchpad project.
The token empowers BWT Alpine F1® Team to participate in team voting polls, acquire digital collectibles, purchase NFTs, and enjoy gamification features that are tied with fan rewards and brand experiences.
The ALPINE Fan Token aims to reshape the relationship between BWT Alpine F1® Team and their fans by providing blockchain-powered one-stop engagement and governance solutions leveraging the Binance Fan Token Platform.
The ALPINE Fan Token further empowers BWT Alpine F1® Team fans by providing fans exciting and revolutionary ways to engage and grow with their favorite team.
The BWT Alpine F1® Team can also incorporate the utility token into its ecosystem, enabling voting, NFT, and more.
2. Project Key Highlights
Blockchain Infrastructure:
 The Alpine F1® Team Fan Token is issued on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) as a native BEP-20 token. This provides greater accessibility to BWT Alpine F1® Team fans, and enables a wide range of token functionalities at low transaction costs.
Token Utility:
 Alpine F1® Team Fan Token offers a variety of fan engagement options, including limited collectibles and integration with the Binance NFT Marketplace, engagement-based team rewards, exclusive privileges, voting rights, gamification, and special brand experiences.
Brand Identity:
 BWT Alpine F1® Team currently has a digital fan base exceeding 6.2MM followers across their social networks. In partnership with the Binance ecosystem, the ALPINE Fan Token can be accessed by both the BWT Alpine F1® Team fan base and the entire Binance user base.
3. Token sales and economics
3.1 Token sales data
Token Name
ALPINE
Token Type
BEP-20
Total Token Supply
40,000,000 ALPINE
Binance Launchpad Sale Allocation
4,000,000 ALPINE (10.00% of the total token supply)
Binance Launchpad Sale Price
1 USD / ALPINE
Binance Launchpad Amount to be Raised
4,000,000 USD
Initial Circ. Supply When Listed on Binance
11,360,000 ALPINE (28.40% of the total token supply)
3.2 Token allocation
Token Name
ALPINE
Binance Launchpad Sale
10.00% of the total token supply
Team
18.00% of the total token supply
Loyalty Subscription
15.00% of the total token supply
User Fund
35.00% of the total token supply
Developer Fund
22.00% of the total token supply
ALPINE token allocation
ALPINE token release schedule
Note that the tokens will only be unlocked every twelve months.
4. Project team
Guillaume Vergnas
B2B Partnerships Manager
5 years of experience building partnerships in F1® and the automotive industry.
Achille Dulac
Business Development Manager
8 years of experience in developing brand collaborations, relationship management, and market expansion.
Angela Liu
Partnership Coordination Officer
9 years of experience ranging from strategy consulting in the sports and entertainment industry.
Matthias Moulin
Global Business Development Manager, Brand Partnerships and Sponsorship
10 years of experience in acquiring and managing sponsorships, commercial partnerships, and account management.
Guillaume Vergnas
B2B Partnerships Manager
5 years of experience building partnerships in F1® and the automotive industry.
Achille Dulac
Business Development Manager
8 years of experience in developing brand collaborations, relationship management, and market expansion.
Angela Liu
Partnership Coordination Officer
9 years of experience ranging from strategy consulting in the sports and entertainment industry.
Matthias Moulin
Global Business Development Manager, Brand Partnerships and Sponsorship
10 years of experience in acquiring and managing sponsorships, commercial partnerships, and account management.
5. Roadmap, updates, and business development
5.1 Updated roadmap
Q1 2022:
Start the Fan Engagement events on BWT Alpine F1® Team Page, which includes:
Voting
NFT Mystery box
NFT Collection
Loyalty Subscription
Gift Card
Q2 2022:
Expand the Binance Fan Token use cases to:
Donation in Binance Fan Tokens
Team Games
Fan Shop Launch, e.g. tickets and merchandise
Integrate Fan Tokens into the BWT Alpine F1® Team ecosystem, e.g. membership, e-commerce platform
5.2 Commercial partnerships and business development progress
Alpine Cars:
 Established in 1955, Société des Automobiles Alpine SAS, commonly known as Alpine, is the French manufacturer of racing and sports cars. It is the parent company of Alpine Racing, the motorsport racing division and manufactures the cars for the BWT Alpine F1® Team races.
Alpine Esports:
 Established in 2021, Alpine Esports is designed to bridge the gap between reality and the virtual world. The goal of the program is to discover and hire the best virtual racers in the world to compete in the biggest virtual racing competitions. Alpine Esports and its partners seek to develop the skillsets of their drivers and take them to new highs in the 
sim racing world
.
Renault Group:
 Renault Group is a French multinational automobile manufacturer established in 1899. The Group comprises 5 complementary brands (Renault, Dacia, LADA, Alpine and Mobilize). The company has expertise in electronification and currently produces a range of motor vehicles such as cars and vans. In the past, they have manufactured larger vehicles including trucks, tractors, tanks, buses/coaches, aircraft aircraft engines, and autorail vehicles.
6. BWT Alpine F1® Team's activity and community overview
Community growth strategies of BWT Alpine F1® Team include:
BWT Alpine F1® Team Online Store:
 The official online store of BWT Alpine F1® Team, where users can find all merchandising and official products of the team, including F1® sweatshirts and jackets, gaming gear, suitcases and more.
BWT Alpine F1® Team Experiences:
 BWT Alpine F1® Team has their own tours, and rallies to bring the best car racing experiences to their supporters. Alpine fans can participate in exclusive test drives in their latest Alpine cars in the Alpine European Tour, and join the Alpine Rallies around France, and even Ice Driving during winter. The Alpine Motorsport experience enables fans to enjoy a VIP welcome and exclusive events (i.e. meet-ups with Alpine drivers, access to the paddock, motorhome or hospitality, garage visits, discussions with engineers and race staff) around Formula 1, and WEC.
7. Community and social channels (data as of February 15th 2021)
Facebook | 2.3MM Followers
 
 Twitter | 1.7MM Followers
 
 Youtube | 29.7K Followers
 
 LinkedIn | 148K Followers
 
8. Appendix
Binance Fan Token Platform
Binance Fan Token Tutorial Page
Binance Fan Token Team Profile Page
ALPINE
0
%
0
USDT
Share
Alpine F1® Team Fan Token (ALPINE)
5. Roadmap, updates, and business development
exchange-blog-related-posts
io.net (IO)
Lista (LISTA)
Notcoin (NOT)
Insights & Analysis
Project Reports
Feedback & Contact
This content on this website has been prepared solely for informative purposes and should not be the basis for making investment decisions or be construed as a recommendation to engage in investment transactions or be taken to suggest an investment strategy in respect of any financial instruments or the issuers thereof.
This website released by Binance Research is not related to the provision of advisory services regarding investment, tax, legal, financial, accounting, consulting, or any other related services and are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold any asset.
The information contained in this website is based on sources considered to be reliable, but not guaranteed, to be accurate or complete.
Any opinions or estimates expressed herein reflect a judgment made as of this date and are subject to change without notice.
Binance Research will not be liable whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from the use of this publication/communication or its contents.
© 2017 - 2024 Binance.com.
All rights reserved
Community
About Us
About
Careers
Announcements
News
Press
Legal
Terms
Privacy
Building Trust
Blog
Community
Sitemap
Risk Warning
Notices
Downloads
Desktop Application
Products
Exchange
Buy Crypto
Leveraged Tokens
TradingView
Pay
Academy
Live
Tax
Gift Card
Launchpad & Launchpool
Auto-Invest
ETH Staking
NFT
BNB
BABT
Research
Charity
Business
P2P Merchant Application
P2Pro Merchant Application
Listing Application
Institutional & VIP Services
Labs
Learn
Learn & Earn
Browse Crypto Prices
Bitcoin Price
Ethereum Price
Browse Crypto Price Predictions
Bitcoin Price Prediction
Ethereum Price Prediction
Buy Bitcoin
Buy BNB
Buy Ripple
Buy Dogecoin
Buy Ethereum
Buy Tradable Altcoins
Service
Affiliate
Referral
OTC Trading
Historical Market Data
Proof of Reserves
Support
24/7 Chat Support
Support Center
Product Feedback & Suggestions
Fees
APIs
Binance Verify
Trading Rules
Binance Airdrop Portal
Law Enforcement Requests
Binance
© 
2024
Cookie Preferences







