Introduction to Scallop | Scallop
Scallop
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Introduction to Scallop
Glosary
Scallop Lend
Start
Lending
sCoin
Borrowing
Interest Rates
Liquidation
Fees
Risks
PROTOCOL
Data
Fee
Outflow Limit
Audits
Oracles
Bug Bounty
Token
SCA
veSCA
Integrations
Package Addresses
Mainnet
Developer Resources
other
FAQs❔
Links🔗
Achievements🏆
Brand kit 🎨
Scalloper Guide
How to Supply on Scallop
How to Borrow on Scallop
How to Avoid Liquidation
Powered by GitBook
Introduction to Scallop
Scallop
Scallop is the pioneering Next Generation peer-to-peer Money Market for the Sui ecosystem and is also the first DeFi protocol to receive an official grant from the Sui Foundation. Emphasizes institutional-grade quality, enhanced composability, transparency, and robust security. Offers Lending/Borrowing, lending derivatives, Sui PTB building tools, flash loans, SDKs, and a UI for swaps and bridges.

Scallop: 
https://www.scallop.io
What is Sui?
Sui 
is a Layer 1 blockchain, aiming to provide creators and developers with an easier-to-build experience for the next billion Web3 users. Sui is a decentralized proof-of-stake blockchain with horizontally scalable throughput and storage, allowing high-speed and low-cost application development. Sui's growth company is Mysten Labs, which was co-founded by several employees from the Facebook (later renamed Meta) Novi research team. Sui is not a derivative of the Diem network, nor is it an incremental improvement, but a functional advancement based on blockchain technology to meet the needs of the next generation of cryptocurrency users and developers. Sui aims to become the first Internet-scale programmable blockchain platform by introducing innovative underlying technologies.
The Sui protocol has the following main features:
Scalability and instant settlement: Sui supports horizontally scalable processing and storage for high-throughput and low-latency transaction settlement. 
Secure smart contract language: Sui provides a secure smart contract language for developers to define rich and composable on-chain assets for a better user experience.
Narwhal and Bullshark DAG memory pool and efficient Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus: Sui uses Narwhal and Bullshark DAG as a memory pool and efficient Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus mechanism to ensure the reliability and consistency of transactions. 
Causal order and total order enable massively parallel execution: Sui's causal order and total order mechanism allow the execution of many transactions in massive parallel, reducing latency and increasing throughput. 
Object-based data model and Move programming language: Sui's data model is object-centric and utilizes the object-based Move programming language, enabling composable objects and non-fungible tokens (NFTs). This simplifies the developer experience.
Next
Glosary
Last updated 
11 days ago
On this page
Scallop
What is Sui?
Was this helpful?
Scallop Logo
Sui Logo