Welcome to Synthetix | Synthetix V2X - User Docs | Synthetix Docs Collection
Synthetix Docs Collection
Synthetix V2X - User Docs
Synthetix V2X - User Docs
Synthetix V3 - Developer Docs
Synthetix V3 - User Docs
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Synthetix Protocol
Welcome to Synthetix
The Synthetix Protocol
Synthetix Token (SNX)
The Role of Stakers
Oracles
Synthetix Litepaper
Synthetic Assets
Perpetual Futures
Spot Synths
Staking
Current Protocol Parameters
Staking Guide
Steps for Staking SNX (via Minting)
Steps for Unstaking SNX (via Burning)
Steps for Claiming Rewards
Automating Staking, Claiming, Burning, and Minting
Legacy Automated Minting & Claiming
Understanding the Collateralization Ratio
Understanding Debt, Minting, and Burning
Simplified Debt Hedging
Escrow and Vesting
Liquidations
Staking FAQ
DAO
Governance Framework
Synthetix Improvement Proposals (SIPs)
Synthetix Configuration Change Proposal (SCCPs)
Spartan Council
Treasury Council
Grants Council
Ambassador Council
Core Contributors
Core Contributor Committee
Staker
Elections and Voting
Voting with a Gnosis Safe
How to write SIP/SCCPs
V3
Synthetix v3
Build on v3
Synthetix Ecosystem
Built on Synthetix
Kwenta - Spot and Perps
Decentrex - Perps
Lyra - Options
Polynomial - Perps and Option Vaults
1inch/Curve - Atomic Swaps
Community Infrastructure
Ecosystem Operations
integrations
Perps Integration Guide
Introduction
Optimistic Sepolia Testnet Tokens
Technical Integration
Perps Subgraph
General FAQ
Tracking Codes
Perps Keeper
Liquidations
Useful Links
Migration Guides
PerpsV2 Mintaka -> Almach
FuturesV1 -> PerpsV2 (Mintaka)
Contract Addresses
Releases
Terms of Use
Brand Assets
Design Resources
Powered by GitBook
Welcome to Synthetix
Synthetix is a decentralized liquidity provisioning protocol built on Ethereum and Optimistic Ethereum (a layer two scaling solution built on Ethereum). Synthetic assets, and associated products, are collateralized by stakers via Synthetix Network Token (SNX), which when locked in a staking contract enables the issuance of synthetic assets (synths). This pooled collateral model allows users to perform conversions between synths directly with the smart contract, avoiding the need for counterparties. This mechanism solves the liquidity and slippage issues experienced by DEXs. 
Synthetix liquidity powers a range of derivatives and on-chain financial instruments. You can learn more about the 
two types of synthetic assets
 that protocols will integrate to create on-chain derivatives. 
The Synthetix Protocol does not operate any user-facing front-ends, which allow users to trade. Instead, it serves as a backend liquidity provisioning tool to support user-facing DeFi applications. There is a growing number of protocols that utilize this capital and generate trading fees for stakers. See the 
"Built on Synthetix"
 section to learn more.
We should make clear the distinctions between the different areas of "Synthetix":
The Synthetix Protocol
: A suite of smart contracts that provisions liquidity with the input of Synthetix Governance to enable various financial derivative products.
The Synthetix Staking Interface
: A web interface that allows for easy interaction with Synthetix Staking and other synthetix products
Synthetix Governance
: A representative council system that governs Synthetix. Four staker-elected councils exist Spartan, Treasury, Ambassador, and Grants Council.
Synthetix Partners & Integrators
: Protocols listed under the Synthetix Partners and Integrators section have integrated with Synthetix products and liquidity to build user-facing protocols for varying use cases.
The Greater Synthetix Ecosystem
: Many additional protocols have spun out of the Synthetix Community or have very close relationships with Synthetix. While these protocols do not directly integrate with Synthetix liquidity, they are closely intertwined with Synthetix. 
Next
The Synthetix Protocol
Last updated 
4 months ago
On this page