Introduction | English | KLAYswap
KLAYswap
English
한국어
English
드랍스 가이드
Search
Ctrl
 + K
Introduction
Protocol Overview
Core Concept
KLAYswap Advantages
Risk & Security
Privacy Policy
Audit
TOKENOMICS
KSP
KSP TOKENOMICS
Automation of KSP distribution rate
Voting policy on passing governance
KSP distribution ratio reflection policy
KSP Allocation
PRODUCT
SWAP
Single-side Deposit
Detailed policy of Single Deposit
Pair Deposit
V3 Pair Deposit
V2 to V3 Migration
V2 to V3 Migration Guide
V2 to V3 Migration Policy
V3 Pair Deposit
V3 Deposit Guide
V3 pair Deposit Policy
V3 to V3 Migration
V3 to V3 Migration Guide
V3 to V3 Migration Policy
V3 Pair Withdraw
V3 Withdraw Guide
V3 Withdraw Policy
Plus Deposit
Detailed policy of Plus Deposit
Long/Short Position Deposit
Open and Close Long/Short Positions
Open Short Positions
Open Long Positions
Remove Long Position
Remove Short Position
Position Deposit Details Policy
KSP Staking & Voting
Staking, Pool Voting Policy
Governance
Governance Voting Policy
Drops
Ecopot
Pool Airdrop
APR & APY
TVL
Pool
Staking
Interest rate
DEVELOPERS
Contract
Factory
Exchange
PoolVoting
VotingKSP
Treasury
Distribution
Governor
SinglePool
SinglePool Factory
PlusPool
PlusPool Factory
Store
Utils
Single/Plus Utils
Helper
EcoPotVoting
EcoPot
V3
V3Factory
V3Pool
NonfungiblePositionManager
NonfungibleTokenPositionDescriptor
V3SwapRouter
V3Migrator
V3Estimator
PositionMigrator
V3Treasury
V3AirdropOperator
UniversalRouter
Airdrop
Set Airdrop Operator
Start Airdrop
EcoPot
Set EcoPot
Start EcoPot
HOW-TO GUIDES
KLAYswap Guide
How to add liquidity on KLAYswap
[Burrito Wallet] How to deposit assets using mobile devices?
How to create a liquidity pool on KLAYswap
How to stake and vote on KLAYswap
How to deposit assets
Deposit Klaytn-based assets
Deposit Ethereum-based assets
Deposit XRP
FAQ
KLAYswap
Orbit Bridge
KLAYswap git
Orbit Bridge git
KLAYswap audit report
Powered by GitBook
Introduction
Welcome to the KLAYswap documentation! This book covers everything you need to know KLAYswap, from about how to use the AMM protocol, what makes it unique, its token economy, and functions.
In this documentation, we introduce KLAYswap, the AMM protocol for the Klaytn Network, as well as KLAYswap’s capabilities and governance token, KSP (KLAYswap Protocol).
The AMM (Automated Market Maker) protocol we are launching is a decisive DEX protocol that has now brought the Decentralized Finance (DeFi) market to the general public. Simply put, AMM is a protocol that supports immediate swapping between tokens by replacing the existing buy/sell orderbook structure with a Liquidity Pools created on- chain by liquidity providers.
Looking at representative DEX examples like Uniswap, an Ethereum-based AMM protocol currently hosting around $2.7B USD in liquidity pools, it is clear that plentiful liquidity is needed to boost the Decentralized Finance ecosystem as a whole by allowing easy transactions. For this reason, ozys, the developers of KLAYswap, created a high liquidity environment in which assets not only of the Klaytn network but also of other networks, including Ethereum, can enter Klaytn. 
We even take it a step further than Uniswap by ensuring significant trade volume by using a transparent IBC bridge, ozys’ Orbit Bridge, to offer yield farming with asset pairings previously unconnected in the decentralized world. We’ll touch upon more of that later. Today, we introduce KLAYswap, a DeFi solution that can take advantage of this high liquidity environment.
KLAYswap awaits your participation
In KLAYswap, a complete on-chain instant swap protocol, traders can not only experience immediate transactions via liquidity pools, but also develop services by deciding the policy and direction of KLAYswap with the KSP governance token.
In addition, users can receive various forms of compensation, including transaction fee revenue, for contributing to the growth of the protocol. Various people can participate in the KLAYswap ecosystem, including long-term investors who want to hold cryptocurrency for a long time, investors who want to earn income through commission fees, and miners who want to participate in KLAYswap governance through KSP mining.

For those of you who have wanted to experience DeFi but have had difficulty participating due to its low accessibility and being unfamiliar with how it works, we expect that you will be able to experience and enjoy DeFi easily with the launch of KLAYswap.
For those of you who are familiar with DeFi, we expect that you will be able to experience a new avenue of growth opportunities, where returns and APY are set with full transparency with Orbit Bridge. With KLAYswap you have the chance to be an initial user, with the initial allocation volume being zero. Everyone has free opportunity to grow. You will be the first users that decide and make the system. 
We look forward to your participation and look forward to the various DEFi protocols that will be created in the Klaytn network with the start of KLAYswap.
Next
Protocol Overview
Last updated 
10 months ago
On this page
Was this helpful?