





Mintlayer Documentation












































Mintlayer Documentation










Introduction








Whitepaper







                                
                                    1. Blockchain architecture
                                
                            







                                
                                    2. Mintlayer wallet
                                
                            







                                
                                    3. Tokenization standard
                                
                            







                                
                                    4. Decentralized finance (DeFi)
                                
                            







                                
                                    5. Decentralized exchange (Dex)
                                
                            







                                
                                    6. ML Token
                                
                            












Legal Disclaimer













                                
                                    Mintlayer website
                                
                            







                                
                                    Roadmap
                                
                            




















Mintlayer Documentation
















Mintlayer Documentation



  
  
    Introduction 
#




Mintlayer is a long-term, secure solution for scaling and accelerating the future of decentralized finance.


Today, 
sustainability
 is rarely considered when designing blockchain technology. Consequently, we are presented with a problem where many existing and dominating networks face a cluster of issues. 
Blockchains get clogged
, causing a spike in transaction 
fees
, and their users face high 
barriers of running a node
. This 
sacrifices
 the core feature of the blockchain technology: 
decentralization
.


Currently, the DeFi ecosystem runs on the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain, where nodes can only be managed by 
specialized servers rather than average users
. This policy achieves nothing in terms of the chain’s usability: fees are skyrocketing and most users are left outside of the blockchain’s governing decisions. These conditions pose 
security threats for daily users
 that mostly rely on light nodes or custodians, and lead to more 
centralized project choices
. Several examples, such as rollbacks and fork upgrades, end up being discussed within a very tiny niche of users, primarily miners or the most influential public figures.


The 
lack
 of future-proof sustainability and 
long-term plans for scalability
, combined with a complex technical architecture, make Ethereum an unsuitable long-term solution for truly decentralized finance. The clogged network cannot guarantee 
proper functionality of DEXs
 without off-chain layer solutions such as the Lightning Network, while gigantic nodes have increasingly slow syncing time. Moreover, the built-in Turing-completeness, which is part of the protocol, causes users and investors to encounter risks while interacting with 
smart contracts
.


Mintlayer is creating the very first sustainable architecture for decentralized finance, inheriting its security model from Bitcoin.


Next: Blockchain architecture









































